-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
OK, I... I... I, uh...
Whatever you heard about
this place isn't true anymore.
I'm not here for that.
Well, what are you skulking
around at this hour for, huh?
You better watch yourself.
People don't know you.
They'll shoot you soon as look at you.
Point taken.
You take care of yourself too, OK?
Lock your door.
Motherfucker.
Hey. You don't think this is worth
stopping for five minutes to talk about?
Five minutes, maybe... stopping, no.
The guy from the other dream,
his name was Robert Dexter.
Fascinating.
He fell into a gorge a few days
ago. He was carrying his baby.
They both died... They both
died after we dreamed it!
Look, I got my own shit to
deal with, and so do you,
seeing how you were just at my
house whining about your mom.
Listen, if you don't give a
shit, then why are you here?
Look, I had a fucked-up
nightmare about something
really bad happening near
mobile homes and railroad tracks.
Next thing I know, I'm on the
road. Why, I couldn't tell you.
I just want this shit out of my head.
You didn't dream about the sign?
What sign?
- "Gone Sis."
- How about when I get home
I'll send you my copy of
The Interpretation of Dreams?
I just don't feel right about running
off and abandoning these people.
- You're so good at it, though.
- Have you ever done anything
for anyone else, ever?
You weren't the only person
that lost someone. I was ready to move in,
get a job, be a father to her kid!
What happened?
Looks like a murder-suicide.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
What the hell are you doing?
I don't know.
Maybe you can use your special
powers of augury to figure it out.
I told you it would fuck you up.
- What?
- Turning against the moon.
Come on, that was two days ago.
And you've been a dick ever
since. Pull up your shirt.
- Why?
- Because you've been
walking around all stiff.
I want to see how bad it is.
- Oh, shit.
- It's pretty much gone.
Remember when you were 11,
you drew on one of Nicolae's
grimoires and he was so pissed
he punched you?
Yeah, it's hard to forget
since he broke my nose.
- He was just drunk.
- He wasn't drunk.
He turned on the luna
rea one too many times.
Every time, it gets harder to turn back.
Your body and your mind don't
know what phase they're in.
You fall apart mentally and physically.
You've already started.
It's the distrugere.
That's what killed him.
And it's gonna kill you too.
Well, there's not a lot
I can do about it now.
You can promise that you
won't turn on a bad moon again.
Listen, cuz.
I promise. Happy?
We'll see.
Cheers.
- Hey, you.
- Hey.
Your message last night,
it was... so sweet of you.
I had an idea about your,
uh, living arrangements.
Can we talk about it?
Sure. After you tell me why she was here.
We just bumped into each other.
She's here about the lawsuit.
Maybe if you hang out outside,
you can bump into her again
on her way back, hmm? Give her another hug.
You were never jealous of
Marie when I was married to her.
You've got to leave this place, Olivia.
Why is Pryce keeping you here? Hmm?
He's helping me get well.
He's playing you.
He's treating you like an
invalid so you'll feel powerless,
so you'll depend on him.
And I'm supposed to listen
to the man who despises Pryce?
You're supposed to listen to
the man who's also a doctor.
You're not an invalid.
You're not weak.
You're a beautiful, powerful woman.
Hey, kid.
I hired an assistant to
keep out guys like you.
Tell HR to go a little huskier next time.
What's going on with you and your mom?
Nothing.
And I want to keep it that way.
She needs you, Roman. She had a close call.
Whatever it is, I urge you to move past it,
because when you lose
somebody, there are no do-overs.
Good to know.
Yes?
Be right there.
Hey.
Hey. It's, uh, the tow truck guy, Peter.
Oh, Peter. I thought it
was one of the many other
tow truck guys I know.
Heh. Uh, so, I called some salvage yards,
I found you a cheaper brake light assembly.
How much cheaper?
Uh, 200 bucks. It's over in Stonycreek.
Oh, yes, that is such a relief.
- When will it be ready?
- Uh...
Your cousin said you were stressed.
That is one major tension knot.
- Sorry, what'd you say?
- Just one sec.
That is what you really need.
You ought to give up this, uh, monk thing.
YOLO, my friend, huh? Find love.
Hey.
Listen, do you mind if I come with?
It's like an hour's drive.
Not like I've got anything better to do.
And the butler here is
giving me the creeps.
Yeah, I'll be over in 15.
Cool. Bye.
Listen to my advice.
Meeting Destiny turned me into,
like, a... a different person.
You're my role model, Andreas.
Holding 300 patents, Godfrey Industries
has revolutionized long-distance,
even trans-global, surgery.
A Godfrey-Industries-trained
surgeon in Pennsylvania
performed a laparoscopic stomach surgery
on a 35-year-old male
in Dublin, Ireland.
The surgeon controlled the incisions
by operating an external console.
- What can I do?
- Uh, sorry.
There weren't any calls,
so I thought I could...
- What else?
- Um... th... that video, um...
I watched it. I want the
walkthrough of Pryce's lab.
I'll try his office again.
Element of surprise.
The retro-viral lottery, this is
adverse state to the polypeptide...
- Yes, doctor.
- We will need time to run more tests.
So, is this the first time a customer
has ever asked for a ride along?
Yeah, but it's great, 'cause
I'm making her pay for lunch.
So, uh, what have you been up to?
Just, oh, sitting around in that house.
You've been hanging out with Roman?
Meaning?
Meaning hanging out? I don't know.
Why are you so interested in him?
I'm not.
Then why are you so not interested in him?
I was just making conversation.
Did you two date the same girl?
Or... each other?
We... were friends, and
we had a falling out.
Over what?
He's just not someone you should trust, OK?
Sorry. You brought it up.
Yeah?
You have received a collect
call from the Hemlock County
Department of Corrections.
Please press 1 to accept the charges.
Just... just give me a sec, OK?
Hi. Oh, it's so good to hear your voice.
What?
No, no.
Lynda. Lynda. Lynda.
Everything's gonna be OK.
Yeah, and she's the
best lawyer in the state.
Then I'll find the best lawyer
in the whole country, OK?
OK. Good.
Wherever you are, I'm with you.
I miss you.
I love you.
Everything OK?
Yeah, it's just some
bullshit I had to deal with.
Symphony 39 in E flat.
Written in the summer of 1788,
along with No. 40 in G minor
and No. 41 in C major.
Took Mozart three months
to write one major
masterpiece and two minor ones.
Three months.
And you can't even deal with one teenager.
I don't know what "deal with" means.
But the reason I didn't kill Roman
is because I couldn't find any
evidence he murdered my sister.
I've known Roman all his life.
He is a clinical psychopath.
I'm not gonna take out some
kid just on your say-so,
especially when you and your
order got your own agenda.
What's your deal with
the White Tower, anyway?
Why does the Order of the Dragon
want to own half of a genetics company?
God is diversifying his portfolio.
- Any other suspects?
- Yeah.
I'm going to find and kill...
sorry, deal with... whoever's responsible,
only when I know for sure.
Whatever you think you
know about Hemlock Grove,
whatever your sister might
have told you, know this:
you don't know a damn thing.
And when you walk out that door,
you lose my protection...
both financial...
and otherwise.
_
Are you OK?
Yeah. So?
Did you sample the Sebzilla, Mr. Beaumont?
- Oh, I most certainly did.
- Awesome, right?
That shit was outlaw, yo. Who
knew gypsies could be chemists?
Oh, I don't know, Richie. That's
basically like a racist assumption.
Really? Name me a gypsy chemist, Dom.
Why don't y'all try it again?
Uh...
- It was pretty intense.
- Humor me.
Ow! Hehe.
Ooh.
- This shit stings, man.
- It's so worth it, bro.
No doubt, no doubt.
I realize, Mr. Beaumont, um,
I've been battling depression
on account of my sister's
lupus and so forth, but
I honestly think my experience with
the SEB helped me get perspective.
Dude, shut the fuck up for a second.
You feeling anything?
Yo, why ain't this shit kicked in yet?
Exactly.
Does a body good.
- Dr. Pryce?
- Yes.
Will you sign your book for me?
Absolutely.
- Uh, how do you know my work?
- I don't.
I just wanted you to get
the service of process.
- We are...
- So sorry.
We know we fucked up, and
we'll make it up to you.
Uh...
We'll get you the money back.
See that you do.
I obviously have a lot of anger,
but I'm trying to let it
go, because it's toxic.
Truth is, Norman and I should
have broken up years ago.
Just take care of him. He's a good man.
That's very mature and rational of you.
It's the right thing to do.
So... I forgive you,
and I hope you have a good life.
Forgive me?
Uh, for what, if you don't mind me asking?
Norman left me for you.
After your marriage broke up. After.
And you don't think that you
sleeping with him for a decade
maybe had a little
something to do with that?
If I had wanted Norman to leave you
earlier, trust me, he would have.
Oh, so you held back?
You were morally superior
holding off on wrecking our home.
Go home, Marie.
Or what?
I already lost everything...
my marriage, my child.
What are you gonna do to me?
I have dead daughters too.
Get over it. Get out of my house.
Maybe that's all I have, are
memories of my dead daughter.
But what do you have, Olivia?
A boyfriend who's gonna leave you
when he realizes what a
terrible person you are.
A dead daughter of your own... a sweet girl
who always loved you, but
you treated her like a freak.
And a disturbed son who
hates your fucking guts.
And if no one else has
anything else to add,
then I' happy to say we're
finishing up early for once.
- I have something to add.
- Yes?
What have you got hidden in the basement?
Time machine? Meth lab? Alien autopsy?
You're welcome to come down
anytime and look around yourself.
I did. A couple of hours ago.
I got out of the elevator, and
I saw you and Miss Chernobyl
walking down the hall. You
turned the corner, then... poof.
- Gone.
- You were spying on him?
That's the only way of getting
information out of this guy.
Sidebar.
You're flailing.
If you came up with the votes
to get rid of me, I would
walk out with the entire
research department.
All you'd own is 50% of an empty
building in a bullshit town.
Bitchin' loft space.
You sure you want to
talk about locked doors?
Hidden rooms with their secret contents?
And this from a man who
literally lives in a glass house.
You might want to remember who
signed the baby's death certificate.
Now, I'm no lawyer, but that sounds
kind of malpractice-y, no?
A not-so-gray area as to its legality.
See you at the proxy fights.
Oh, fuck him!
We'll own him once he
realizes how much he needs us.
Do you not remember what happened
when I gave Olivia her first treatment?
She almost fractured my skull.
I was begging in slurred
words for her not to kill me.
Now, until Roman's need is unbearable,
he will not accept what we show him.
He will be angry and he
will take it out on us.
You and I both have our reasons
to keep peace with Olivia.
I'm quite happy with how she's kept
her side of the pact over the years.
But at heart, she and her boy
have no more control over
their appetites than angry dogs.
I am trying the leash.
Some dogs need to be put down.
- Centrifuge malfunction.
- Come with me.
I have a new project.
I like new.
Research tool. An enzyme inhibitor
to knock out clotting factor nine.
As soon as possible, and off the books.
The effect of this drug
on an organism would be
to induce acute hemophilia.
Like an atom bomb going
off in the bloodstream.
I brought you here because
of your hematology expertise.
I am just questioning its application.
Then stop questioning.
Makes life so much easier.
I need it by the end of the week.
Research tool.
Who's Lynda?
It's my mom.
Is she OK?
She's in jail.
What for?
Some stuff she didn't do.
Some stuff she did do.
All those years on the road,
she did some things that weren't so smart.
But I did too, so...
She doesn't deserve this.
I'm gonna get her out.
Well, it sounds like you're
doing everything you can.
You know what we should
do when we get back?
What?
A tarot reading. Give us some guidance.
Oh, wait, you weren't kidding.
Oh, no, yeah... I know most card
readers are idiots or crooks,
but my cousin, Destiny, she
actually knows what she's doing.
Destiny?
What?
Hey.
Destiny?
So?
Oh, I wasn't lying.
This isn't some sort of "get
the girl back to my place" thing.
Peter, do you really think I
came here for a tarot reading?
Your eyes are...
I know.
You OK?
Yes. Totally. Um...
I just get emotional sometimes.
It doesn't mean anything.
I love this mattress.
My ex had this stupid futon.
It felt like it had dead cats in it.
Great. Now I'm the girl who's talking
about her ex while in bed with...
It's fine.
Do you still talk to yours?
No.
That bad, huh?
She died.
Oh, God.
- Maybe this was a bad idea...
- No.
No.
I want you to stay.
- Mommy, can I have a treat?
- Yes, inside.
- Can I have two?
- Nice try, but no.
You live here, ma'am?
Is everything all right, officer?
We got a call. Prowler in the area.
Just lock your doors and set
your alarm. You should be fine.
OK. Thank you.
It's not illegal to be a fierce
and ravishing warrior goddess.
I was born this way, you
motherfucking bitches!
We're not arresting you for being anything.
We're arresting you for taking a
dump in the middle of Hemlock Ave.
- Sleep it off, Jackie.
- This is discrimination.
Don't fucking touch me!
Get your hands off me.
He still in there?
Yep.
You don't find him weird?
Weirder than our last sheriff?
The guy who lost his
mind and blew himself up
with a bomb he was
building in his basement?
I'm just saying, he's making us look bad,
staying so late all the time.
I mean, what's he doing in there, anyway?
_
Uh, the white mask from the dreams.
That guy. I... I think...
he killed the family, the one at the gorge,
and he killed a woman
and her kid last night,
and... and the kid on the tricycle,
- he's gonna run him over.
- So what are you saying?
A psycho in a freak mask is
walking around killing people?
Yeah, but he's making
them look like accidents.
Why?
I don't know. That's why I'm
standing in the last place
that either of us want to be right now.
The kid on the tricycle, he
was looking up at something.
- If we could figure out what that was.
- What do you want?
All of last year, Destiny kept telling me
to pay attention to the
dreams, and I didn't.
That's why everything went bad.
Well, if you're trying to
make up for skipping out on me
like a coward, then duly noted.
I was a coward.
It wasn't even about the
people who trashed my trailer.
I just didn't want anything
to remind me of Letha,
of everything that I lost.
You were my only friend.
And I shouldn't have
abandoned you, and I'm sorry.
All right.
Peter.
The thing the kid was looking
at... It was a plane...
old-fashioned, biplane, whatever,
pulling a green banner, flying really low.
Good luck.
I got you a drink.
Let me.
Wow. You're thirsty.
The things on your hands are dirty.
I can make new ones out of Mom's t-shirt.
I can help.
Look.
The doctor said he could cut it
off. Mom doesn't want to pay for it.
I like it anyway. It's my toe.
I named my toe.
We could name your fingers.
This one's Shorty.
No, Stumpy.
This one's... Bloody.
This one is Gooey.
These two are Squishy.
What's going on?
Oh.
You cannot do this, Olivia.
You can't text me to drop everything,
have me rush over, and then ignore me!
I'm not doing it anymore,
not after everything
that I have been through!
Baby, what's wrong?
No. No, no, no, no.
Don't cry.
Sweetheart. I love you.
I'm planning something special.
No rush, no pressure.
I got these open tickets
to Buzios.
It's this town in Brazil.
The most beautiful beach in the world.
I went there in college.
Somehow I never made it back.
Well, you know, Marie, she
was never much of a traveler.
I've got to pee.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org